Hey, good morning family. I'm going to do another "Pray With Me"video, but this time I'm going to do it solo, just how I do it at home.
Instead of praying with Lynn or Billy or whoever I have to pray along with, I'm just going to do my own thing today.
I'm going to do it how I do it every night whenever I'm praying and seeking the Lord and how I jump into the rivers.
It's pretty raw being by yourself like this talking to a camera, but I'm going to do my best.
I just wanted to jump right into this and get started. This is how I do it every night, so I want you to just follow along.
Like I said, pray for whatever you need: for your kids, whatever.
I'm just going to flow with the vein and the river and flow with the Holy Spirit here and see what He has for us tonight.
We'll just yield and go. I always start off with this song. I always sing Him something and then I start asking Him, "What is His heart tonight?
What is Your heart, Holy Spirit?"So, Father, we're going to start singing: "Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see You. I want to see You. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see You. I want to see You. To see You high and lifted up, shining in the light of Your glory.
Pour out Your power and love as we sing holy, holy, holy. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see You. I want to see You. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
Worthy, worthy, worthy is the Lord. For You are glorious and worthy to be praised.
You're the Lamb upon the throne, and unto You we lift our voice in praise.
You're the Lamb upon the throne. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord."Holy Spirit, I welcome You. Become real to us. Touch every single life here today.
Holy Spirit, what's on Your heart today so that we flow and do what You need done in the spirit realm?
We pray right now in the spirit and we thank You that we are vessels yielded to You, that You pray through us.
Father, we are Your people. We're Your children and we love You, Lord. We thank You that we're yielded and rooted in love.
Father, we enter in by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We thank You that we're free. Father, we repent of our sins. We thank You, Lord, that we're covered, washed in Your blood.
We plead the blood. Now we take our seat with You in the heavenlies, and we're seated with You right now as we enter into that throne.
We come boldly into that throne, and we thank You, Lord, that we are joint heirs with Jesus Christ, sons and daughters of the Most High God.
We are not bastards. We're not wayward. But Father, we are adopted by Your blood, adopted by Your grace, and adopted because of Jesus.
I'm just going to pray in the spirit now, and I'm going to pray in tongues. This is according to Acts chapter 2.
I believe every believer has the ability to pray in tongues and every believer should pray in tongues.
You say, "Well, you shouldn't do it if you don't have an interpreter."I don't agree with that. I believe it's my communication to the Father in private.
It's a prayer language He has given me that He understands—that I am praying mysteries out of my spirit and that it's coming directly to Him into His throne just like English.
I believe with all my heart these prayers are mystery prayers that the devil doesn't understand.
He can't understand them, so there's no interference in the spirit realm.
When I'm speaking English, he knows what I'm saying in the natural. He knows when I'm praying over my wife or my children.
But when you're praying in the spirit and you're praying in tongues, he doesn't understand it because he's a flesh devil.
He's a dumb devil; he's a flesh devil and he isn't a spirit devil.
So when you're praying in the spirit, it's bypassing any kind of demonic interference and you're going straight into the throne room of God.
I want that for you. You pray, too. Yield yourself and you'll start praying in the spirit.
Yield. Yield. Fill them with the Holy Spirit. We call breakthrough.
We call the breakthroughs in the name of Jesus. We thank You, Father, for direction.
We thank You, Lord, for direction. Now Lord, we receive it by faith.
Everything we pray in the spirit, we receive it by faith. I receive it right now in the name of Jesus.
We believe we receive in Jesus'name. Thank You, Lord, for the breakthrough in our lives.
Thank You, Lord, for the manifestation of the glory in our lives. Lord, we praise You. We glorify You.
We thank You, Jesus, for You are good and Your mercy endures forever. For the Lord is good and His mercy endures forever.
We call breakthrough in every area of our lives—spiritually, physically, financially.
We call breakthrough in our homes and in our bodies. We speak life over our flesh.
We speak healing, for You said in Your word that our youth is renewed like the eagles.
Father, I thank You, Lord. We call our bodies healed and whole and well in Jesus'name.
We take authority over the demonic attacks that have come against us.
We command them to break their knee right now. We command you to cease and be still in your maneuvering against us.
We come against you in the name of Jesus. We call our bodies healed and whole and well by Your stripes.
We believe that we go from glory to glory to glory in the name of Jesus.
Created in Your image, Father; created and joint heirs with Jesus.
Now Father, I thank You, Lord. We call forth the souls. We call forth the lost.
We call them out of the pits of hell in the name of Jesus. Father, that they will come in.
We call forth the end-time harvest in the name of Jesus. Calling it in. Calling in those souls. Calling in the healing.
Father, we have a mighty move of God beyond anybody's comprehension.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that it would be exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
I thank You, Lord, that the atmosphere is primed and ready for the manifestations of the glory and for the manifestation of the anointing of the Holy Spirit.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that there are more churches. We call forth the pastors to preach righteousness and truth and holiness back into the pulpits.
Father, for them not to preach a lukewarm gospel, a porridge gospel, but Father, that they would preach the meat of the word.
Father, wake up. We call pastors to wake up. We call the evangelists to wake up.
We call the prophets and the apostles—all of them—wake up in Jesus'name.
Wake up in Jesus'name. Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're not done with America. You're not done, Father. You're not done with America.
Father, you said that if there be 50 righteous that you would spare the city, spare the land.
Father, I'm calling forth more time for people to repent. We call forth more time.
We call for your harvest, for a great harvest of souls, for you don't want any man to perish but all to come to repentance.
We're calling them in right now in Jesus'name. We call in the lost from the Bobbies to the Suzies to the Joes—to all of them.
We call them in right now in Jesus'name. Father, we thank you, Lord, for the healings, for the manifestation of healing.
This is interesting. I just saw something in the spirit while I'm praying. What is that?
It looks like a parking garage with a slope with a red light and a green light on it.
What is that all about? It's on a slope and it's going down. And the Lord—I see a red light, green light, red light, green light.
We call for breakthrough over their health. Every demonic assignment, we call them broken in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you paid the price for healing and deliverance.
I see a replanting of people, placing them in the right place at the right time. Planting them in new areas in their jobs.
Relocation, a transplant, and a relocation for some—uprooting their family and planting them in new soil that is fertile.
I see a plant being removed out of soil that is not fertile and planted into a soil that is fertile and flourishing.
Some of you in the weeks and months ahead are going to leave where you are stationed and where you're from.
For there is a new season that is coming for you, a brand new start. It's like everything: job, church, all of it.
God's going to relocate you, put you in a place where you can thrive, not just survive, where you are celebrated and not tolerated.
I hear you. There are people that are believing, and I see it.
There are some of you I see on the Gulf Coast, and you're about to relocate.
You're on the Gulf Coast. Father, we just pray over that move. We pray over the transition of their family.
Father, this will be a move of grace and mercy concerning their children—finding new friends and godly companionship, not people that are lukewarm and ungodly.
I hear this is a season of relocations, a season of replanting.
We call forth the old wells to be unclogged. We call forth the old wells to come forth with new water. We call forth new wells and new rivers in the name of Jesus.
It's like a dried desert wasteland where you are, and the Lord is bringing an oasis—beautiful springs of water out of the dryness and bringing you up in your spirit.
A fresh touch—just drink. Drink from that pool, those beautiful rivers of living water, a river in the midst of your desert.
And when you get there, drink like a camel. Drink. I heard the Lord.
Remember I told you about the time the Lord said there are very sobering days ahead?
And he asked me, 'What is the opposite of being sober?'And I said, 'Drunk.'And he said, 'That is right.
You need to be filled with the Holy Spirit in the days ahead, being drunk on the new wine to overflow.'That's how you're going to survive the days ahead.
Be filled with the Spirit and laughter. Be filled with laughter and joy in your houses today. I speak laughter and joy over your homes.
I speak restoration of joy, and I break the spirit of depression off of you in the name of Jesus. You go now, spirit of depression, in the name of Jesus.
Anxiety—I call a spirit of revival and joy in your households, bringing forth out of that dry desert new springs of water bubbling up out of you.
Out of your spirit shall flow rivers of living water, and today is your day for a drink.
Father, we thank you for the fresh touch of the Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit, we're so thirsty.
We say, 'Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.'Oh Lord, we're thirsty for a mighty move.
Lord, I'm hungry. Pour out your Holy Ghost. Lord, I want to see the hand of God move mightily inside of me.
I'm hungry for a move of God. Sweet, sweet Holy Spirit, we need a fresh touch today. Help us to jump into those rivers of living water.
You said out of our belly shall flow rivers of living water, and that's what quenches all the fiery darts of the wicked.
It's the shield of faith—we put it up today. We worship you, Holy Spirit. We come against the demonic attacks against our families.
And we thank you, Father, that greater is he that is in me and my family than he that is in the world.
And every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it in Jesus'name.
We condemn the words that people speak against us—word curses, voodoo, witchcraft, it doesn't matter.
You said, 'Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world.'And we thank you, Father, that those words go back on them double in Jesus'name because you cannot curse whom God has blessed.
It's a boomerang. We pronounce a boomerang in Jesus'name. We thank you, Father, for breakthrough.
We thank you, Father, that today is a day of breakthrough in their lives.
I thank you, Father, that you're bringing the manifestation over their lives right now.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise. We thank you for a mighty move of God in our homes.
This is how I do it. You start like that, and you just keep building yourself up.
I'm just trying to show you all how you do it, because a lot of people say they don't know how.
It's not rocket science; it's simple. It's simple, like a child goes before their mom or daddy and says, 'Hey Daddy, I'm hungry.
I'm thirsty.'And you go simply before Him. It's not all religious.
It's not all hyped up spiritually. It's just simple. And you go to Him as a child, not as an adult or His child.
And you just say, 'Father, I'm here. I'm broken. I need You.'Then you build a relationship.
You go to Him and say, 'Father, what's on Your heart today? How could I help You in the spirit realm?
I yield myself to You to help You.'And that's what you do. As you do that day by day, you build a relationship with the Father, and He'll come and visit you.
Then it gets stronger and stronger. You may say, 'Well, I'm so far away.'No, it's just like how you started at the gym or how you do things.
A relationship is built over time. It is not overnight. It is not instantaneous; like any relationship, it is built out of love, trust, and communion.
It's day to day. Like hands clapping against each other, you just keep doing it.
You just keep going, and you go from glory to glory with the Father.
That's how you do it. I hope this video helped you a little bit today. I don't think it was too long.
Please, if you could, it would really bless me if you like, subscribe, and comment down below that you're here and you prayed with me today.
Tell me if you got your breakthrough in your home. Whatever you're believing for, I'm believing with you.
We appreciate all your support. We appreciate you coming on this YouTube channel and praying with me today.
I'll do more like this. If you like the ones with me praying with Lynn and them, I'll do more of those.
But I thought I would just try this. This is just how I do it; a lot of times, it's just demonstrations.
So, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we love you, and we will see you all next time. God bless you all. Have a wonderful day. Bye-bye.